docs(kong-user) minor adjustments (#2511)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/2.2.x/deployment/kong-user.md

---

After installing {{site.ee_product_name}} on a GNU/Linux system, you can
configure Kong to run as the built-in `kong` user instead of the `root` user.
This makes the Nginx master and worker processes use the built-in `kong` user and group credentials, overriding any settings in the
[`nginx_user`](/enterprise/{{page.kong_version}}/property-reference/#nginx_user)

> configuration property. It is also possible running Kong as a custom non-root user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration property. It is also possible to run Kong as a custom non-root user.
```
